=head1 AMC-ItemAnalysis

This module is a set of L<auto-multiple-choice|https://www.auto-multiple-choice.net/> 
(AMC) export plugins.  Each performs an L<item response theory|https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Item_response_theory>
analysis on the exam.  There is a plugin to export  a structured data file in YAML format, 
and another to export a LaTeX file than can be compiled to PDF.

=head1 INSTALLATION

To install this module from a distribution via the AMC GUI, select the hamburger
menu, then "Plugins", then "Install".  Select the compressed tarball using the
file picker.

To install this module from a distribution via the command line, unpack it and
move the directory into your `plugins` directory:

    tar xzvf AMC-ItemAnalysis-x.x.x.tar.gz
	cp -r AMC-ItemAnalysis-x.x.x/ItemAnalysis ~/.AMC.d/plugins

To install this module from source, run the following commands:

	perl Build.PL
	./Build
	./Build test
	./Build install

The necessary perl modules will be installed in
F<$ENV{HOME}/.AMC.d/plugins/ItemAnalysis/perl>, and documentation in
F<$ENV{HOME}/.AMC.d/plugins/ItemAnalysis/doc>.

=head1 USAGE

From the AMC GUI, go to the Reports tab and select one of the "Item Analysis"
options from the dropdown menu.  Click "Export" and after completion, open the
F<exports> directory.  A file called F<foo-item-analysis.ext> will be there,
where F<foo> is the "short name" of your AMC project, and F<ext> depends on 
which format you have chosen.

From the command line, you can execute

	auto-multiple-choice export --module ItemAnalysis_ext \
	    --data project-data-dir \
        --fich-noms students-list.csv \
        --o output-file

Here C<ext> is one of C<LaTeX> or C<YAML>, depending on your desired output
format.

=head1 SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION

After installing, you can find documentation for this module with the
perldoc command.

    perldoc AMC::ItemAnalysis

The module also supports the L<Sphinx|http://sphinx-doc.org> docmentation 
system (requires Python; see F<reqirements-doc.txt>). The C<librst> build
action will create reST files from the module's POD documentation, and then
the Sphinx documentation can be built.

    ./Build librst
    cd doc/ && make html

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2018 Matthew Leingang

AMC-ItemAnalysis is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version.

AMC-ItemAnalysis is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
AMC-ItemAnalysis.  If not, see L<https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
