AMC-ItemAnalysis

This module is an [auto-multiple-choice][[1]] (AMC) export plugin.  It performs
an [item response theory][[2]] analysis on the exam.  It exports a structured data
file in YAML format, as well as a LaTeX file than can be compiled to PDF.

INSTALLATION

To install this module from a distribution via the AMC GUI, select the hamburger
menu, then "Plugins", then "Install".  Select the compressed tarball using the
file picker.

To install this module from a distribution via the command line, unpack it and
move the directory into your `plugins` directory:

    tar xzvf AMC-ItemAnalysis-x.x.x.tar.gz
	cp -r AMC-ItemAnalysis-x.x.x/ItemAnalysis ~/.AMC.d/plugins

To install this module from source, run the following commands:

	perl Build.PL
	./Build
	./Build test
	./Build install

The necessary perl modules will be installed in
`$ENV{HOME}/.AMC.d/plugins/ItemAnalysis/perl`, and documentation in
`$ENV{HOME}/.AMC.d/plugins/ItemAnalysis/doc`.

USAGE

From the AMC GUI, go to the Reports tab and select "Item Analysis" from the
dropdown menu.  Click "Export" and after completion, open the exports directory.
A file called `foo-item-analysis.tex` (where `foo` is the "short name" of your
AMC project) will be there.

From the command line, you can execute

	auto-multiple-choice export --module ItemAnalysis \
	    --data project-data-dir \
        --fich-noms students-list.csv \
        --o output-file

SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION

After installing, you can find documentation for this module with the
perldoc command.

    perldoc AMC::ItemAnalysis

The module also supports the Sphinx docmentation system (requires Python; see
reqirements-doc.txt). The `librst` build action will create reST files from the 
module's POD documentation, and then the Sphinx documentation can be built.

    ./Build librst
    cd doc/ && make html
    
L<http://sphinx-doc.org>    
    

LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2018 Matthew Leingang

AMC-ItemAnalysis is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version.

AMC-ItemAnalysis is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
AMC-ItemAnalysis.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

[[1]]: https://www.auto-multiple-choice.net/ "Auto-multiple-choice home page"
[[2]]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Item_response_theory
