=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

AMC::Export::register - Register an export plugin into the AMC
interface

=head1 SYNOPSIS

This module code is loaded and executed by F<AMC-gui.pl>. 


=head1 METHODS

=head2 new

Create a new object.

=head2 name

The name of the export plugin, to appear in the AMC GUI on the Report
tab in the drop-down Format menu.

=head2 extension

The file name extension to be appended to the export file.  The file
will begin with the “short code” specified in the project options.

=head2 options_from_config

Configure the export plugin from application configuration. 

One parameter, an object of class L<AMC::Config>.

No return.

=head2 options_default

Set defaults for plugin options.  No arguments, no return.

=head2 build_config_gui

C<< $obj->build_config_gui($w,$cb) >> builds GTK widgets in the window
C<$w>.  I believe C<$cb> is a combo box of some sort.

=head2 weight

The weight of the config ui widget.  Determines its vertical position.

=head2 hide

Hide the "standard export options" (student sort order dropdown, 
include absentees checkbox) in the Reports tab.

=head1 AUTHOR

Alexis Bienvenue C<< <paamc@passoire.fr> >> wrote the code.

Matthew Leingang C<< <leingang@nyu.edu >> wrote this documentation.


=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2012-2017 Alexis Bienvenue C<< <paamc@passoire.fr> >>

This file is part of Auto-Multiple-Choice

Auto-Multiple-Choice is free software: you can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of
the License, or (at your option) any later version.

Auto-Multiple-Choice is distributed in the hope that it will be
useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty
of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with Auto-Multiple-Choice.  If not, see
L<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

